Welcome back.
In this video we're going to try a little exercise and I actually want you to try this yourself and
in the next video I'll show you the solution.
Now I've attached here a watermark PDA if you can see over here that it says draft and it's just one
page like this now you'll find this in your resources.
But I want to build a tool that's quite useful that watermarks all my files.
So remember the Super dot PDA file we made in the last video that had four pages.
Well I want to watermark this all of them.
So instead of me doing manually let's say we had thousands of pages I want a program that can watermark
my PDX.
Now why would this be useful.
Well in Hollywood this is actually a useful thing to be able to do.
Let's say you're working on a TV show let's call it lost and you want to give the script which is super
secret because you don't want the audience to find out what happens in the show to your cast members
and all these actors that are going to get a draft of the script but we don't want them to leak the
script to the press so that everybody finds out about it.
Right.
So usually big companies in Hollywood watermark their script with usually an actor's name.
So if that actor leaks the script well they'll know that that person has their name on the script and
they're the ones that leaked it.
So this is actually a useful thing to know.
So how can we do this.
Well this is your challenge right.
What we want to do is ideally use the water dot PD f that I'll provide for you.
I want to write this water dot PD F on all the pages of super dot PD f that we combined in the previous
lesson.
Or you can have your own PDUFA so using what we've learned up until now and the Pew IPD F2 library.
Let's see if we can give that a go.
And in the next video I'll show you how I did it.
I'll see in the next one by.